Add some clarifying comments on copycols for Tables.jl inputs (#2805)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/lib/types.md

[`hcat`](@ref), [`filter`](@ref), [`dropmissing`](@ref), `getindex`,
[`copy`](@ref) or the [`DataFrame`](@ref) constructor mentioned above.

> The generic single-argument constructor `DataFrame(table)` has `copycols=nothing` by default, where
> certain Tables.jl-compatible inputs can signal that a copy of columns doesn't need to be made (this
> is done by wrapping the source table in `Tables.CopiedColumns`). [CSV.jl](https://csv.juliadata.org/stable) does this when `CSV.read(file, DataFrame)` is called, since columns are built only for the purpose of use in a `DataFrame`. Another related example is [`Arrow.Table`](https://arrow.juliadata.org/dev/manual/#Arrow.Table), where arrow data is inherently immutable so columns can't be accidentally mutated anyway. To be able to mutate arrow data, mutable columns must be materialized, which can be accomplished via `DataFrame(arrow_table; copycols=true)`.

Reviewer: I would add an explanation that `copycols=nothing` copies by default unless signaled otherwise (and I added line breaks)
```suggestion
The generic single-argument constructor `DataFrame(table)` has `copycols=nothing`
by default, where column copying is performed unless Tables.jl-compatible input
signals that a copy of columns doesn't need to be made (this is done by wrapping
the source table in `Tables.CopiedColumns`).
[CSV.jl](https://csv.juliadata.org/stable) does this when `CSV.read(file, DataFrame)`
is called, since columns are built only for the purpose of use in a `DataFrame`.
Another related example is [`Arrow.Table`](https://arrow.juliadata.org/dev/manual/#Arrow.Table),
where arrow data is inherently immutable so columns can't be accidentally mutated
anyway. To be able to mutate arrow data, mutable columns must be materialized,
which can be accomplished via `DataFrame(arrow_table; copycols=true)`.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The generic single-argument constructor `DataFrame(table)` has `copycols=nothing`
by default, meaning that columns are copied unless `table`
signals that a copy of columns doesn't need to be made (this is done by wrapping
the source table in `Tables.CopiedColumns`).
[CSV.jl](https://csv.juliadata.org/stable) does this when `CSV.read(file, DataFrame)`
is called, since columns are built only for the purpose of use in a `DataFrame`.
Another example is [`Arrow.Table`](https://arrow.juliadata.org/dev/manual/#Arrow.Table),
where arrow data is inherently immutable so columns can't be accidentally mutated
anyway. To be able to mutate arrow data, columns must be materialized,
which can be accomplished via `DataFrame(arrow_table, copycols=true)`.
```

Mentioning `CSV.read` is a bit weird since the constructor form would be `DataFrame(CSV.File(...))`. Does that make a copy or not?

Reviewer: `DataFrame(CSV.File(...))` is exactly the same as `CSV.read`.

Reviewer 2: Ah I thought `CSV.read` had been added because it was a bit more efficient. Let's show both then?
```suggestion
The generic single-argument constructor `DataFrame(table)` has `copycols=nothing`
by default, meaning that columns are copied unless `table`
signals that a copy of columns doesn't need to be made (this is done by wrapping
the source table in `Tables.CopiedColumns`).
[CSV.jl](https://csv.juliadata.org/stable) does this when `DataFrame(CSV.File(file))`
`CSV.read(file, DataFrame)` are called, since columns are built only for the purpose
of use in a `DataFrame`.
Another example is [`Arrow.Table`](https://arrow.juliadata.org/dev/manual/#Arrow.Table),
where arrow data is inherently immutable so columns can't be accidentally mutated
anyway. To be able to mutate arrow data, columns must be materialized,
which can be accomplished via `DataFrame(arrow_table, copycols=true)`.
```

Reviewer: (I have updated your last proposal following the fact that `CSV.read` is the only one that is non-copying)

Reviewer 2: @quinnj Could you explain how this works? AFAIK `DataFrame(CSV.File(...))` doesn't copy everything, it's just that `CSV.read` avoids even more copies?

Reviewer: You need `Tables.CopiedColumns` wrapper, see the definition of `CSV.read`:
```
function read(source, sink=nothing; copycols::Bool=false, kwargs...)
    if sink === nothing
        throw(ArgumentError("provide a valid sink argument, like `using DataFrames; CSV.read(source, DataFrame)`"))
    end
    Tables.CopiedColumns(CSV.File(source; kwargs...)) |> sink
end
```
x-ref: https://github.com/JuliaData/CSV.jl/blob/52663d4f1edfce120ecc5c43088b52d945b4a293/src/CSV.jl#L53

Reviewer: I guess the rationale is that the result of `CSV.File` could potentially be passed to different sinks if it was stored. While `CSV.read` ensures that the result of `CSV.File` is used exactly once.

Reviewer 2: OK, let's go with this version then.

> is done by wrapping the source table in `Tables.CopiedColumns`). [CSV.jl](https://csv.juliadata.org/stable) does this when `CSV.read(file, DataFrame)` is called, since columns are built only for the purpose of use in a `DataFrame`. Another related example is [`Arrow.Table`](https://arrow.juliadata.org/dev/manual/#Arrow.Table), where arrow data is inherently immutable so columns can't be accidentally mutated anyway. To be able to mutate arrow data, mutable columns must be materialized, which can be accomplished via `DataFrame(arrow_table; copycols=true)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is done by wrapping the source table in `Tables.CopiedColumns`). [CSV.jl](https://csv.juliadata.org/stable)
does this when `CSV.read(file, DataFrame)` is called, since columns are built only for the purpose
of use in a `DataFrame`. Another related example is
[`Arrow.Table`](https://arrow.juliadata.org/dev/manual/#Arrow.Table), where arrow data is inherently
immutable so columns can't be accidentally mutated anyway. To be able to mutate arrow data, mutable
columns must be materialized, which can be accomplished via `DataFrame(arrow_table; copycols=true)`.
```

[`hcat`](@ref), [`filter`](@ref), [`dropmissing`](@ref), `getindex`,
[`copy`](@ref) or the [`DataFrame`](@ref) constructor mentioned above.

The generic single-argument constructor `DataFrame(table)` has `copycols=nothing`
by default, meaning that columns are copied unless `table`
signals that a copy of columns doesn't need to be made (this is done by wrapping
the source table in `Tables.CopiedColumns`).
[CSV.jl](https://csv.juliadata.org/stable) does this when
`CSV.read(file, DataFrame)` is called, since columns are built only for the purpose

> of use in a `DataFrame`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of use in a `DataFrame` constructor.
```
